.. _bulk-update-transitioning-FAQs:

Bulk updating data or transitioning to a new Client Information Management System
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The following information is being provided to assist users who need to do
bulk updates to their data, including transitioning to a new Client Information 
Management System (CIMS).

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

.. _modify_organisation_key:

How can I modify my organisation key?
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

If there is a change to your organisation key, therefore your organisation path, your 
PHN will need to contact the PMHC Helpdesk at support@pmhc-mds.com to edit this MDS information.

.. _bulk-key-change:

How can I bulk change my record keys?
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The PMHC MDS Helpdesk can assist with a bulk key change request, if a document mapping 
the old keys to the new keys is provided. The mapping document needs to contain the 
separate worksheets labelled as in a PMHC MDS upload or data extact, for each record type
to be updated. Each worksheet needs to contain three columns:

- Organistation path
- Existing record key
- New record key

Email the mapping document to the PMHC MDS Helpdesk via support@pmhc-mds.com. For these 
types of requests, our developers should be able to complete this within a 
week of receiving all the required information.

.. warning::
  * To protect client privacy, it is important that no other client data is included
    in the mapping document

.. _update_existing_data:

The record keys are changing between our old CIMS and the new one. How can we update the data already in the PMHC MDS so that data is not duplicated?
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

All the PMHC MDS identification keys that are changing will need to be reviewed. This could include
any of the record keys for the data specifications that your organisation has uploaded.

It may include, but not be limited to:

- Practitioner Key,
- Intake Key,
- Episode Key,
- Service Contact Key,
- Service Contact Practitioner Key,
- Collection Occasion Key,
- Measure Key

There are a couple of ways this update can be achieved.

1. If all your existing PMHC MDS data is going to be loaded into your new CIMS, you 
   can delete all your existing data in the PMHC MDS and then do a bulk upload from 
   the new CIMS of all the previous PMHC MDS data with keys generated by the new system.

2. If only some of the data will be loaded, then the PMHC MDS Helpdesk can assist 
   with a bulk key change request. Please refer to :ref:`bulk-key-change`.
