.. _transitioning-to-new-cims-FAQs:

Transitioning to a new Client Information Management System
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The following information is being provided to assist users who might be 
transitioning their data to a new Client Information Management System (CIMS).

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

.. _modify_organisation_key:

How can I modify my organisation key?
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

If there is a change to your organisation key, therefore your organisation path, your 
PHN will need to contact the PMHC Helpdesk at support@pmhc-mds.com to edit this MDS information.



The record keys are changing between our old CIMS and the new one. How can we update the data already in the PMHC MDS so that data is not duplicated?
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

All the PMHC MDS identification keys that are changing will need to be reviewed. This could include
any of the record keys for the data specifications that your organisation has uploaded.

It may include, but not be limited to:

- Practitioner Key,
- Intake Key,
- Episode Key,
- Service Contact Key,
- Service Contact Practitioner Key,
- Collection Occasion Key,
- Measure Key

There are a couple of ways this update can be achieved.

1. If all your existing PMHC MDS data is going to be loaded into your new CIMS, you 
   can delete all your existing data in the PMHC MDS and then do a bulk upload from 
   the new CIMS of all the previous PMHC MDS data with keys generated by the new system.

2. If only some of the data will be loaded, then the PMHC MDS Helpdesk can assist 
   with a bulk key change request, if a document mapping the old keys to the new keys is
   provided. To create a mapping document, can a PMHC MDS upload file that contains all the data 
   in the new CIMS be generated? (This would include the keys generated by the new system)

   - If yes, then insert a column in this file, next to the new CIMS generated 
     keys, that lists the existing (old) MDS key. (This will allow our developers to 
     possibly highlight any potentially mismatched data records)

   - If not, then create a PMHC MDS export file of all your existing PMHC MDS 
     data (this could either be an export from your old system, or an export from the PMHC MDS)
     and insert a column in this file, next to your old MDS keys, that lists the new CIMS 
     generated keys.

   Email the PMHC MDS Helpdesk via support@pmhc-mds.com to organise a secure file transfer of the
   mapping document. Please do not email the mapping document, particularly if it contains client data.

   For these types of requests, our developers should be able to complete this within a week of receiving all the required information.
